#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =
This article is provided for the users that are installing the Speech Searcher for the first time. follow these steps before using the application to have the highest accuracy in understandability of the software.
In this article the process of training the system is explained.

= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

=Training=
Windows OS family started to shift the Speech API (SAPI) with itself since Windows XP. The only difference between different OS's is the version of SAPI and functionalities they provide. Microsoft tried to increase the accuracy, performance and usability of speech recognition ever since.
Since then, with every shipment, came along a software that was intended to train the user's computer for better understanding. Let's define understanding; in Speech Recognition, understanding is all about recognizing the correct phrase and acting accordingly. the more accurate a recognition is, the more likely it is to accomplish the request. In the other hand, SAPI has the ability to be trained. that is, a series of predefined phrases are given to the user, and the user starts to read this phrases. the reason of having predefined phrases is that, with this approach the engine knows what to listen for, and for every recognition the application stores the voice patterns of the user, and adapts itself to that voice pattern. In other words, the application is getting used to your voice, accent and rate of speech. With this kind of training, the accuracy of speech recognition is continually increasing.
==How to train the engine:==
